Who are you exactly? What do you say?
I don't quite understand. you,
You are gamblers and gamblers.
Don't let me drive again.
you. Do you believe it too?
Me, my wife and kids are still in the car. If you don't go down.
I don't say anything to them.
Why are you staring? What are you doing? Woe to me. Harao!
Wife, my stomach feels a little uncomfortable and I am choking.
Ah...? How can you be so?
A Filipino supervisor like Jean esmerus?
What does calling you have to do with repayment?
Aren't you a healer?
Why do they want you to get off the bus?
Who is with them?
Is there something wrong with your brain?
They were the ones who kicked you out of the car
It's obvious that we are afraid that we can prevent the car from exploding.
They are the murderers
Don't think about angering me suddenly
If you don't feel guilty
Why are you disturbing my brother?
Are you overacting?
When did I bother you?
It doesn't matter if you're not an adult
Do you dare to go there with me?
The train to Buda started and then exploded
Your suspicion will be dispatched
I'll go with you